and to dois let's do it
than waiting for a second chance
waiting for their country to need them
again that time is meow you guys give me
if I killed that bird
Barbara that's a bald eagle get away
Baldy guys what do I win
a one-way ticket to hell it turns out
the french-canadian town
st. George jr. raw is actually on
American soil
you'll be phasing out a Canadian Mountie
unit best behavior boy our idea of a
good time either fellas personally I'd
rather [ __ ] a moose
you wouldn't need a ladder to do that
Wow let's give a big Canadian welcome to
the vanwall highway by car come on guys
they've come up here to tell us how
great it's gonna be for all of us to
become Americans
this is happening yes - who Serbia
killed Vitas was alleged in either of
you speak English I did we would like to
eat your paper can you show me your
party papers this time everything will
be by the book everything ghost we're
gonna get for you guys hold beer you
Nicola
what did you say do you want a liter a
cola Canada's pretty awesome don't do
that
should I shoot him
Frere Jacques a grey poupon Aki decide
to read they won't feather duster Co our
sole name is Rob laughs ratcatcher Luc
Robitaille Delta onion PA Fran Tarkenton
t-nut was the process order to elect
[Music]